README.md, before:

JIRA Boardnamedisplay
=====================

This is a Userscript to show the JIRA boardname where it used to be



Table of Contents
-----------------
* [Installation](#installation)
  * [Firefox](#firefox)
  * [Chrome](#chrome)
* [Update](#update)
* [License](#license)



Installation
------------

### Firefox

1. Install [GreaseMonkey] if you do not have it already
1. Go to [the latest release]
1. Click "JIRA_Boardnamedisplay.user.js"
1. Install or update JIRA Boardnamedisplay

### Chrome

1. Install [Tampermonkey] if you do not have it already
1. Go to [the latest release]
1. Do NOT click "JIRA_Boardnamedisplay.user.js",
   Chrome would download it instead of installing
1. Click on the tag name that is shown below "Latest release"
1. Click on "JIRA_Boardnamedisplay.user.js"
1. Click on "Raw"
1. Install or update JIRA Boardnamedisplay



Update
------

As GitHub does not support an URL that always resolves to the latest released version
of a file, a @downloadURL cannot be specified for the script, and thus the browser
add-ons are not capable of automatically updating the script. So to update it,
just repeat the installation procedure.



License
-------

```
JIRA Boardnamedisplay - a Userscript to show the JIRA Boardname where it used to be
Copyright (C) 2015 Björn Kautler

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```



[GreaseMonkey]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/
[Tampermonkey]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo
[the latest release]: https://github.com/Vampire/jira-boardnamedisplay/releases/latest/

Commit message:

Adapt to latest JIRA version
JIRA changed and so does this script, it now cares about always showing the board name
outside the sidebar and not only if collapsed and swaps the styles of the lines if
the subnavigator title does not provide helpful information but just static text.

README.md, after:

JIRA Boardnamedisplay
=====================

This is a Userscript to make the JIRA boardname more visible where appropriate



Table of Contents
-----------------
* [Installation](#installation)
  * [Firefox](#firefox)
  * [Chrome](#chrome)
* [Update](#update)
* [License](#license)



Installation
------------

### Firefox

1. Install [GreaseMonkey] if you do not have it already
1. Go to [the latest release]
1. Do NOT click "JIRA_Boardnamedisplay.user.js",
   Chrome would download it instead of installing
1. Click on the tag name that is shown below "Latest release"
1. Click on "JIRA_Boardnamedisplay.user.js"
1. Click on "Raw"
1. Install or update JIRA Boardnamedisplay

### Chrome

1. Install [Tampermonkey] if you do not have it already
1. Go to [the latest release]
1. Do NOT click "JIRA_Boardnamedisplay.user.js",
   Chrome would download it instead of installing
1. Click on the tag name that is shown below "Latest release"
1. Click on "JIRA_Boardnamedisplay.user.js"
1. Click on "Raw"
1. Install or update JIRA Boardnamedisplay



Update
------

As GitHub does not support an URL that always resolves to the latest released version
of a file, a @downloadURL cannot be specified for the script, and thus the browser
add-ons are not capable of automatically updating the script. So to update it,
just repeat the installation procedure.



License
-------

```
JIRA Boardnamedisplay - a Userscript to show the JIRA Boardname where it used to be
Copyright (C) 2015 Björn Kautler

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```



[GreaseMonkey]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/
[Tampermonkey]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo
[the latest release]: https://github.com/Vampire/jira-boardnamedisplay/releases/latest/
